feat: ui.inline_alert (#1007)
deephaven/deephaven-plugins: plugins/ui/docs/components/inline_alert.md

# Inline Alert

Inline alerts display non-modal messages related to objects in a view, often used for form validation to aggregate feedback for multiple fields.

## Example

```python
from deephaven import ui

my_inline_alert_basic = ui.inline_alert(
    ui.heading("Payment Information"),
    ui.content(
        "Enter your billing address, shipping address, and payment method to complete your purchase."
    ),
)
```

## UI Recommendations

> Consider using [`ui.heading`](./heading.md) if you want to create different types of headings.

Reviewer: Without first knowing an inline alert contains a ui.heading, this feels out of context.

## Content

The inline alerts contain a title and body using the `ui.heading` and `ui.content`.

```python
from deephaven import ui

my_inline_alert_content_example = ui.inline_alert(
    ui.heading("Payment Information"),
    ui.content(
        "Enter your billing address, shipping address, and payment method to complete your purchase."
    ),
)
```

## Variant

> A variant can be set using the `variant` prop to give inline alerts a semantic meaning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `variant` prop can set a variant to give inline alerts a semantic meaning.
```

```python
from deephaven import ui

@ui.component
def ui_inline_alert_variant_examples():
    return [
        ui.inline_alert(
            ui.heading("Accepted Payment Methods"),
            ui.content(
                "Only major credit cards are accepted for payment. Direct debit is currently unavailable."
            ),
            variant="info",
        ),
        ui.inline_alert(
            ui.heading("Purchase completed"),
            ui.content(
                "You'll get a confirmation email with your order details shortly."
            ),
            variant="positive",
        ),
        ui.inline_alert(
            ui.heading("Payment Information"),
            ui.content(
                "Enter your billing address, shipping address, and payment method to complete your purchase."
            ),
            variant="notice",
        ),

>         ui.inline_alert(

Reviewer: should this be the same as above? not sure what notice vs negative should do here

Author: <img width="634" alt="Screenshot 2024-11-15 at 12 47 08 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/554dec5d-8403-4216-9211-4e2fb7802f51">
The notice has a yellow outline, making it slightly different.

## Example

> For the contextual help component, both the `heading` and `content` props are required. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the inline alert component, both the `heading` and `content` props are required. 
```
